coming up next is a light without
between benson henderson and chach the
pump Thompson
ladies and gentlemen this flight is free
round the UFC lightweight division it is
immersive my name
on your professional record are
20 wins six losses one no contest he
says I feet 10 inches tall
san jose california USA josh
Oh
a wrestler professional record on 21
wins three losses he stands by think 9
inches tall
is you
ha
Mario Yamasaki Mario Yamasaki our
referee for this lightweight bout here
tonight in New York City here we go your
left up here right nice shot
he lands her head kick
when he eats a shot
these guys are going to add in here
right away trading blows
nation left right
cool town man
he's now working from side control again
Thompson got caught by the right Matt
he's really working over his opponent
here in side control connected there
he's moved to north south position
nice job getting back up hard kid to the
head Oh big right hand
tournament that Superman punch best he
connects with the left good kick to the
body
and he's down double leg takedown
that's a nice clean shot he's in full
guard here and he's landing some nasty
strikes half guard
look at that right back to his feet very
nicely done good punch by Thompson
there's the combination
nice defense he blocked that
Wow
thanks Gary go either
call you mother with that right hand
big shots
Oh
because ladies in here the fuck
oh that's a big black
Oh
he's got full mount nice reversal
one minute on the clock here in round
one
nice work on the counter
Oh dick Schaap
dad
benson henderson wins by knockout
beautiful KO just as the round was
ending let's take another look at the
huge roundhouse kick that ended this
fight as soon as it lands this contest
is over and here we see it again boom
and that is all she wrote there is Bruce
Buffer with the official decision
four minutes 23 seconds of the very
first round to play the winner
Henderson wins by knockout